Which one of the following is an assumption on which the editorial's argument depends?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption required by the ethicist's argument?	0
For the argument to be logically correct, it must make which of the of the following assumptions?	0
The argument relies on the assumption that	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which the argument relies?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which the scientist's argument depends?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption required by the historian's argument?	0
The expert's argument depends on assuming which one of the following?	0
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument relies?	0
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument relies?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which the columnist's argument depends?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption upon which the argument depends?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
Which of the following is an assumption of the economist's argument?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
The argument depends on assuming which one of the following?	0
Which of the following is an assumption that supports drawing the conclusion above from the reasons given for that conclusion?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption required by the argument?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which Sally's argument depends?	0
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
The conclusion drawn in the above argument depends on which of the following assumptions?	0
The conclusion drawn above is based on the assumption that	0
Which one of the following is an assumption required by the employee's argument?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
The argument depends on which of the following?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption required by the argument?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption required by the argument?	0
The argument requires the assumption that	0
Which one of the following is assumed in the passage?	0
The environmentalist's argument requires assuming which one of the following?	0
The main conclusion of the argument is supported only	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
The argument assumes which one of the following?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption required by the argument?	0
The argument above is based on which one of the following assumptions?	0
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
The spokesperson's argument is based on which one of the following assumptions?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption required by the argument?	0
The argument above depends on which of the following assumptions?	0
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
Which of the following is an assumption made in drawing the conclusion above?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption required by the argument?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
Smith's conclusion depends on which of the following assumptions?	0
The argument requires the assumption that	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which the historian's argument depends?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption that the fund-raiser's argument depends on?	0
Bart's argument requires which one of the following assumptions?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption required by the argument?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
The argument depends on assuming which one of the following?	0
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument above depends?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which the author's argument depends?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption required by the argument?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption required by the literary critic's argument?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption required by the argument?	0
The argument relies on which one of the following assumptions?	0
The argument above assumes which of the following?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
The journalist's argument depends on assuming which one of the following?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which Barnes's argument depends?	0
The argument above assumes which of the following?	0
The argument's reasoning depends on which one of the following assumptions?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption required by the argument?	0
The archaeologist's argument depends on the assumption that the copper tools that were found	0
The argument depends on assuming which one of the following?	0
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
The writer's argument requires assuming which one of the following?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
The argument depends on the assumption that	0
Which one of the following is an assumption required by the argument?	0
Which one of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?	0
The strength of the argument depends on which one of the following being true?	0
The conclusion drawn above follows logically if which one of the following is assumed?	1
From which one of the following does the conclusion logically follow?	1
The conclusion of the scientist's argument is most strongly supported if which one of the following is assumed?	1
Which one of the following, if assumed, enables the geologist's conclusion to be properly inferred?	1
The economist's conclusion follows logically if which one of the following is assumed?	1
Which one of the following is an assumption that would permit the conclusion above to be properly drawn?	1
The conclusion of the argument follows logically if which one of the following is assumed?	1
Which one of the following, if assumed, would allow the conclusion above to be properly drawn?	1
The conclusion follows logically from the premises if which one of the following is assumed?	1
The argument's conclusion is properly inferred if which one of the following is assumed?	1
The conclusion is properly drawn if which one of the following is assumed?	1
The social scientist's conclusion follows logically if which one of the following is assumed?	1
The conclusion above follows logically if which one of the following is assumed?	1
Which one of the following, if assumed, enables the argument's conclusion to be properly drawn?	1
The argument's conclusion is properly drawn if which one of the following is assumed?	1
The conclusion drawn above follows logically if which one of the following is assumed?	1
This conclusion is correctly drawn if which of the following is assumed?	1
The cartographer's conclusion follows logically if which one of the following is assumed?	1
The conclusion of the argument follows logically if which one of the following is assumed?	1
The conclusion is properly drawn in the literary critic's argument if which one of the following is assumed?	1
The conclusion follows logically if which one of the following is assumed?	1
Their dialogue provides the most support for the claim that Marc and Robert agree that the people of their country	10
Haas and Burgess disagree over the truth of which one of the following?	10
The disagreement between the two paleontologists is over which one of the following?	10
Which one of the following most accurately expresses a point of disagreement between the critic and the writers?	10
Which one of the following is the main point at issue between Lola and Derek?	10
The dialogue most strongly supports the claim that Pat and Amar disagree with each other about whether	10
Their dialogue provides the most support for the claim that Alex and Jolene disagree with each other over whether	10
Monica's and Hector's statements commit them to disagreeing about which one of the following principles?	10
An issue in dispute between Yolanda and Arjun is	10
On the basis of their statements, Ilana and Gustav are committed to disagreeing over whether	10
Which one of the following is a point at issue between Harris and Vogel?	10
The dialogue provides the most support for the claim that Sanchez and Merriweather disagree over whether the school	10
Antonia's and Maria's statements provide the most support for holding that they disagree about whether	10
The conversation most strongly supports the claim that Ramona and Martin agree with each other that	10
The dialogue most supports the claim that Ariel and Sasha disagree with each other about whether	10
The dialogue provides the most support for the claim that Glen and Sara disagree about whether	10
The statements above provide the most support for holding that Shilpa would disagree with Tarun about which one of the following statements?	10
The CEO and activist would most likely agree on which one of the following statements?	10
On the basis of their statements above, the consumer advocate and the manufacturer are committed to disagreeing about the truth of which one of the following statements?	10
Bell and Soltan disagree with each other about which one of the following?	10
On the evidence of their statements, it can be concluded that the treasure hunter and the archaeologist disagree on which one of the following?	10
Dr. Hobbes uses which one of the following strategies in responding to Dr. Bradshaw?	11
Ortiz criticizes Merton's argument by	11
The argument challenges the claim that perception is unchanging throughout adulthood by	11
Keziah uses which one of the following argumentative strategies in replying to Lambert?	11
Which one of the following best describes how the argument proceeds?	11
The argument comes to its conclusion by	11
Lahar's argument does which one of the following?	11
The civil engineer uses which of the following techniques in responding to the mayor?	11
The claim that the fracture shows signs of partial healing figures in the argument in which one of the following ways?	11
Which one of the following questionable argumentative techniques is employed in the passage?	11
The argument in the passage proceeds by	11
The Crime Expert uses which of the following techniques in responding to the Homeowner Representative?	11
The method the environmentalist uses to object to the land developer's argument is to	11
The psychologist's argument does which one of the following?	11
The passage above proceeds by	11
The passage employs which one of the following argumentative strategies?	11
Which one of the following most accurately describes the technique used in the passage to weaken the argument for the claim that aggressiveness is innate to human beings?	11
Which one of the following techniques of reasoning is employed in the argument?	11
The drilling proponent's reply to the drilling opponent proceeds by	11
Martinez responds to Hynson's argument by	11
The executive's reasoning does which one of the following?	11
The political scientist's response to the anthropologist's reasoning does which one of the following?	11
In her disagreement with Concetta, Alicia does which one of the followings?	11
That dioxin causes cancer in rats figures in the argument in which one of the following ways?	11
Sara responds to Mike by	11
Which one of the following most accurately describes the role played in the argument by the claim that people tend not to reelect inactive politicians?	12
"Which one of the following most accurately describes the role played in the physician's argument by the phrase ""to the extent that the rate of AIDS deaths occurs from lack of experimental medication""?"	12
The statement that the fiction books tend to encourage children to read more plays which of the following roles in the teacher's argument?	12
Which one of the following most accurately describes the role played in Singletary's argument by the statement that mentions driver education?	12
In the argument above, the two portions in boldface play which of the following roles?	12
In the argument given, the two portions in boldface play which of the following roles?	12
In the argument, the portion in boldface plays which of the following roles?	12
In the economist's argument, the two boldfaced portions play which of the following roles?	12
In the argument given, the two portions in boldface play which of the following roles?	12
In the historian's reasoning, the two portions in <b> boldface </b> play which of the following roles?	12
Which one of the following most accurately describes the role played in the psychologist's argument by the claim that the obligation to express gratitude cannot be fulfilled anonymously?	12
Which one of the following most accurately describes the role played in the argument by the claim that most people prefer to hire people they know?	12
Which one of the following most accurately describes the role played in the philosopher's argument by the claim that at least sometimes when sleeping, people are truly happy, even though they are not doing anything?	12
In the argument above, the two portions in <b> boldface </b> play which of the following roles?	12
The claim that to explain the causes of cultural phenomena, a social scientist needs data about several societies plays which one of the following roles in the philosopher's reasoning?	12
Which one of the following most accurately describes the role played in the software reviewer's argument by the claim that dictation software fails to live up to its billing?	12
In the astronomer's argument, the two portions in boldface play which of the following roles?	12
In the argument given, the two <b> boldfaced </b> portions play which of the following roles?	12
The statement that rocket technology is much simpler than the human psyche plays which one of the following roles in the editorial's argument?	12
Which one of the following most accurately describes the role played in the argument by the statement that what defines some offenses is more the motivation than the act?	12
The assertion that people are considered especially virtuous if they successfully resist a desire to do what is wrong plays which one of the following roles in the ethicist's argument?	12
Which one of the following most accurately describes the role played in the argument by the supposition that eating meat is essential to good health?	12
The publishing executive's argument is most vulnerable to criticism because it overlooks the possibility that	13
The argument is most vulnerable to the objection that it fails to	13
The reasoning in the politician's argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that this argument	13
Boris's response to George is most vulnerable to criticism because it fails to	13
The reasoning in the artist's argument is flawed in that the argument	13
The union member's argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it	13
The argument is vulnerable to criticism because it ignores the possibility that	13
What is a flaw in the argument's reasoning?	13
Which of the following points to the most serious logical flaw in the reviewer's argument?	13
The reasoning in the argument is flawed because the argument fails to consider the possibility that	13
The argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it	13
The representative's argument is flawed as a counter to the insurance company's contention because	13
The reasoning above is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it overlooks the possibility that	13
Which one of the following most accurately describes a flaw in the argument?	13
Max's argument is most vulnerable to criticism on which one of the following grounds?	13
The reasoning in the argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that the argument	13
The reasoning in the automobile executive's argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it	13
The reasoning in the philosopher's argument is flawed in that the argument	13
Which one of the following most accurately describes a mistake in the reasoning of one of the two speakers?	13
The reasoning in Rebecca's argument is questionable in that she takes for granted that	13
The administrator's reasoning is flawed because the administrator	13
A flaw in the reasoning of the supporters of nuclear energy is that they	13
The reasoning in the argument is flawed because the argument	13
The argument above is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it	13
The argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it	13
Jim's reasoning is questionable in that it fails to consider the possibility that	13
The reasoning in the argument is flawed in that the argument	13
David's response to Carla is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it	13
The argument's reasoning is flawed because the argument	13
The executive's argument is flawed in that it	13
The reasoning in the argument above is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that the argument	13
The reasoning in the argument is most vulnerable to criticism because the argument	13
The reasoning in the logician's argument is questionable because this argument	13
The argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it fails to consider the possibility that	13
The reasoning above is flawed because it	13
The argument above is vulnerable to criticism if it is true that	13
Which one of the following statements most accurately characterizes the argument's reasoning flaws?	13
The argument above is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it	13
The columnist's reasoning is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it	13
Which one of the following most accurately describes a flaw in the reasoning of the argument?	13
The patient's argument is flawed because it fails to consider that	13
The argument is most vulnerable to which of the following criticisms?	13
The argument above is flawed in that it	13
The reasoning in the argument is questionable because	13
The argument is vulnerable to criticism on which one of the following grounds?	13
The reasoning in the argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that the argument fails to consider the possibility that	13
Which one of the following is an error of reasoning in the argument?	13
The argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the ground that it	13
The reasoning in the activist's argument is flawed because that argument	13
The argument's reasoning is questionable because the argument	13
The argument's reasoning is questionable because the argument	13
Which one of the following most accurately describes a flaw in the argument?	13
Of the following, which one most accurately describes a reasoning flaw in the diplomat's argument?	13
Which one of the following most accurately describes a flaw in the essayist's reasoning?	13
The reasoning in the argument is flawed in that the argument	13
The argument is questionable because it fails to consider	13
The application of the principle is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it	13
The columnist's reasoning is flawed in that it	13
Which of the following identifies a reasoning error in the argument?	13
The moralist's reasoning is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that the moralist	13
The reasoning above is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it fails to consider the possibility that	13
Of the following, which one is a criticism to which the reasoning in the trainer's argument is most vulnerable?	13
The argument concerning whether the people of the United States are the most lightly taxed is most vulnerable to which one of the following criticisms?	13
The reasoning is flawed because the argument	13
The argument is most vulnerable to which one of the following criticisms?	13
The reasoning above is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it	13
Which of the following statements, if true, provides the best evidence that the mayor's reasoning is flawed?	13
The reasoning in the argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it	13
The argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it	13
The reasoning in the argument is most vulnerable to criticism on which one of the following grounds?	13
Which one of the following is the strongest criticism of the chemist's response to the physicist's challenge?	13
The scholar's reasoning is flawed because the scholar presumes without giving sufficient justification that	13
The argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it	13
The vacuum cleaner salesperson's argument is most vulnerable to the criticism that it	13
Which one of the following most accurately expresses a flaw in the reasoning in Peter's argument?	13
Which one of the following most accurately describes a flaw in the reasoning in the argument?	13
The reasoning in the argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that the argument	13
Sid's argument is questionable in that it	13
Which one of the following most accurately describes a flaw in the science writer's reasoning?	13
The reasoning in the argument is most vulnerable to criticism on which one of the following grounds?	13
The anthropologist's argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it fails to	13
The flawed reasoning in the argument above most closely parallels that in which one of the following?	14
Which one of the following most closely parallels the flawed reasoning in the argument above?	14
The flawed reasoning in the political philosopher's argument is most similar to that in which one of the following?	14
Which one of the following arguments exhibits flawed reasoning that is most similar to that exhibited by the argument above?	14
Which one of the following exhibits a pattern of flawed reasoning most closely parallel to the pattern of flawed reasoning exhibited by the argument above?	14
Which one of the following exhibits flawed reasoning most similar to the flawed reasoning exhibited by the argument above?	14
Which one of the following is most similar in its flawed reasoning to the flawed reasoning in the argument above?	14
The flawed reasoning in which one of the following is most similar to the flawed reasoning in the argument above?	14
The flawed reasoning in the critic's argument is most similar to that in which one of the following?	14
The flawed pattern of reasoning in the argument above is most similar to that in which one of the following?	14
The flawed reasoning in the argument above most closely parallels the flawed reasoning in which one of the following?	14
The flawed reasoning in the argument above is most similar to that in which one of the following?	14
Which one of the following arguments exhibits a flawed pattern of reasoning most similar to the flawed pattern of reasoning exhibited in the argument above?	14
Which one of the following is most similar in its flawed reasoning to the flawed reasoning in the argument above?	14
Flawed reasoning in which one of the following most closely parallels the flawed reasoning in the argument above?	14
Which one of the following has a flawed pattern of reasoning most similar to the flawed pattern of reasoning in the argument above?	14
The flawed pattern of reasoning exhibited by the argument above most closely parallels that exhibited by which one of the following?	14
The flawed reasoning in the government official's argument is most parallel to that in which one of the following?	14
Which one of the following arguments exhibits a flawed pattern of reasoning most similar to that exhibited by the argument above?	14
Which one of the following arguments exhibits flawed reasoning most similar to that exhibited by the argument above?	14
The flawed pattern of reasoning in the argument above is most parallel to that in which one of the following?	14
The reasoning in which one of the following arguments is most similar to the reasoning in the argument above?	15
Which one of the following arguments is most similar in its reasoning to the argument above?	15
The pattern of reasoning in which one of the following arguments is most parallel to that in the argument above?	15
Which one of the following arguments is most similar in its reasoning to the argument above?	15
The pattern of reasoning in the argument above is most similar to that in which one of the following?	15
The pattern of reasoning in the argument above is most similar to that in which one of the following arguments?	15
Which one of the following arguments is most similar in its reasoning to the employee's argument?	15
The pattern of reasoning in which one of the following is most similar to that in the argument above?	15
Which one of the following arguments is most similar in its logical features to the argument above?	15
The pattern of reasoning in the argument above is most closely paralleled in which one of the following?	15
Which one of the following, in its logical features, most closely parallels the reasoning used in the passage?	15
Which one of the following most closely parallels the reasoning of the argument above?	15
Which one of the following arguments is most similar in its reasoning to the argument above?	15
Which one of the following arguments is most similar in its pattern of reasoning to the argument above?	15
Which one of the following arguments is most similar in logical features to the argument above?	15
Which one of the following arguments is most similar in its reasoning to the argument above?	15
Which one of the following arguments is most closely parallel in its reasoning to the argument above?	15
Which one of the following arguments is most similar in its reasoning to the argument above?	15
The reasoning in which one of the following arguments most closely parallels the reasoning used in the argument above?	15
Which one of the following most closely parallels the reasoning in the argument above?	15
Which one of the following is most similar in its reasoning to the argument above?	15
Which of the following most logically completes the passage?	16
Which of the following most logically completes the argument?	16
In her argument, Rahima	16
Which of the following most logically completes the argument?	16
In which one of the following pairs consisting of argument and objection does the objection function most similarly to the way Lee's objection functions in relation to Pamela's argument?	16
Which one of the following most logically completes the argument?	16
In determining the impact on company profits of using potassium chloride in place of common salt, it would be important for Tanco to research all of the following EXCEPT:	16
Which of the following most logically completes the argument?	16
The argument seeks to do which one of the following?	16
In order to advance her point of view, the author does each of the following EXCEPT	16
Which one of the following most logically completes the consultant's argument?	16
Which of the following, if true, most logically completes the argument?	16
The information above, if accurate, can best be used as evidence against which one of the following hypotheses?	16
Jay's response suggests that he interpreted Helena's remarks to mean that	16
The economist's response to the author's argument suggests which of the following?	16
The point that Acme Engines spent $500, 000 relocating knee-level switches in its newer locomotives is offered in the commentator's argument as	16
Which of the following best completes the argument?	16
The conclusion of the argument is most strongly supported if which one of the following completes the passage?	16
Which one of the following descriptions best fits Bernd Heinrich's study as reported in the passage above?	16
Which of the following most logically completes the argument below?	16
The two boldface portions in the argument above are best described by which of the following statements?	16
Which one of the following best completes the passage?	16
Which of the following best describes Nancy's response?	16
Polanski's response most strongly supports the contention that Polanski misunderstood Brewer to be asserting that	16
Which one of the following most logically completes the philosopher's argument?	16
Which of the following would, if found in ninth-century sites in the village, best help in determining whether the village was a part of Kingdom F or Kingdom G in the ninth century?	16
Of the following claims, which one can most justifiably be rejected on the basis of the statements above?	16
Sims does which one of the following?	16
The actions of which one of the following individuals exhibit the most advanced kind of moral motivation, as described by the ethicist?	16
Which of the following completions would produce the strongest argument?	16
Which of the following most logically completes the argument?	16
Which of the following, if true, would most strongly indicate that the plan will be a success?	16
Which of the following most logically completes the argument below?	16
Each of the following statements conflicts with the letter writer's view EXCEPT:	16
Which one of the following most logically completes the argument?	16
Which of the following most logically completes the argument?	16
Which one of the following most accurately describes how Mary's response is related to Tom's argument?	16
Which one of the following most accurately describes how the statement that most people are taught to be cautious interpreters of language functions in the cartographer's argument?	16
Which of the following, if true, indicates a disadvantage of the virtual office plan?	16
Which one of the following most logically completes the argument?	16
In the passage, the author	16
The conclusion of the argument is properly drawn if which one of the following completes the passage?	16
Which of the following would it be most important to ascertain in determining whether implementing the shipping manager's proposal would have the argued-for effect on costs?	16
According to the argument above, which of the following must follow?	16
Which of the following, if true about Hutonia, would provide a reason for persisting with the government official's plan despite the objection?	16
The scientist would most likely concur with which one of the following?	16
The flawed nature of the argument above can most effectively be demonstrated by noting that, by parallel reasoning, we could conclude that	16
Which one of the following most logically completes the argument?	16
Evidence that would strongly favor the new theory over the traditional theory would be the discovery of a large majority of	16
If the facts stated in the passage above are true, a proper test of a country's ability to be competitive is its ability to	16
The argument concerning the immune system of the seals presupposes which one of the following?	16
Which of the following, if true, would provide most support for the prediction that the establishment of the crime-watch number will have its intended effect?	2
Which one of the following most strengthens the argument?	2
Each of the following, if true, strengthens the argument EXCEPT:	2
Which of the following, if true, most strengthens the argument?	2
Which of the following, if true, would most strongly support the position above?	2
Which one of the following, if true, most helps to support the scientist's hypothesis?	2
Each of the following, if true, provides support for the analyst's prediction EXCEPT:	2
Which one of the following, if true, most strengthens the argument?	2
Which of the following, if true, most strongly supports the argument above?	2
Which of the following, if true, most strengthens the author's argument?	2
Which one of the following, if true, most strengthens the argument?	2
Which of the following, if true, provides the strongest evidence that the magazine's profits are likely to decline if the plan is instituted?	2
Which of the following, if true, most strengthens the argument?	2
Each of the following, if true, provides additional support for the dermatologist's diagnosis EXCEPT:	2
Which of the following, if true, most strongly supports the scientists' hypothesis?	2
Which of the following, if true, provides the strongest support for the director's rejection of the accusation?	2
Which of the following would, if true, most strengthen the argument above?	2
Which of the following, if true, provides the most support for the argument above?	2
Which one of the following, if true, would most strengthen the archaeologist's reasoning?	2
Which one of the following, if true, would most support the television executives' argument?	2
Which one of the following, if true, most strengthens the editorialist's argument?	2
Which one of the following, if true, most strengthens the manager's argument?	2
Which of the following, if true, provides the strongest grounds for a prediction that homeowners will buy the hand-held electric vacuum pump cleaner?	2
Which of the following, if true, would provide the strongest support for the position held by industry officials?	2
Which one of the following, if true, provides the most support for the argument?	2
Which of the following would, if true, most strengthen the reasoning above?	2
Which one of the following, if it occurred, would be the strongest evidence favoring Ms. Fring's position over Mr. Blatt's position?	2
Which of the following, if true, provides the best indication that the Everett company's decision was logically well supported?	2
Which one of the following, if true, most strengthens the researcher's argument?	2
Which one of the following, if true, most strengthens the argument?	2
Which of the following, if true, provides the strongest support for Calex's contention?	2
Which of the following, if true, would be the LEAST appropriate to use as support for the conclusion drawn by the anthropologists?	2
Which one of the following ethical criteria, if valid, would serve to support the journalist's conclusion while placing the least constraint on the flow of reported information?	2
Which of the following, if true, most strengthens the argument above?	2
Each of the following, if true, strengthens the child psychologist's argument EXCEPT:	2
Which one of the following, if true, goes farthest toward showing that the administrators' claim and the statistic cited might both be correct?	2
Which one of the following, if true, most strengthens the argument?	2
Which of the following, if true, most strongly supports the hypothesis?	2
Which one of the following, if true, most strengthens the argument?	2
Which of the following, if true, provides the strongest support for the directors position?	2
Which one of the following, if true, most strongly supports the claim above?	2
Which one of the following, if true, most strengthens the argument?	2
Which one of the following, if true, most strengthens the argument?	2
Which of the following, if true, most strongly supports the argument?	2
Which of the following, if true, would provide most support for the prediction that the landlord's letter will have its intended effect?	2
Which one of the following principles, if valid, most supports the politician's argument?	2
which of the following, if true, most strengthens the argument in the advertisement?	2
Which one of the following, if true, adds the most support for the conclusion of the argument?	2
Which one of the following, if true, most strongly supports the conclusion drawn from the survey results?	2
Which of the following, if true in Borania, most strongly supports the manufacturers' prediction?	2
Each of the following, if true, would support the conclusion above EXCEPT:	2
Which of the following, if true, provides the most support for the compromise suggested above?	2
Which of the following statements, if true, most strengthens the director's claim?	2
Which of the following, if true, most strongly supports the argument?	2
Which one of the following, if true, most strengthens the argument in the editorial?	2
Which of the following, if true, most strongly supports the management team's position?	2
Which one of the following, if true, most helps to support the position of the second group of doctors?	2
Which of the following, if true, most strongly supports the hypothesis?	2
Which one of the following, if true, would most strengthen the reasoning above?	2
Which one of the following, if true, most strengthens the argument above?	2
The following, if true, strengthens the argument, EXCEPT:	2
Which one of the following, if true, provides the strongest additional support for the conclusion above?	2
Which one of the following, if true, most supports the argument above?	2
Which one of the following, if true, adds the most support for the conclusion of the argument?	2
Which one of the following, if true, most strengthens the microbiologist's argument?	2
Which one of the following, if true, would most weaken the doctor's argument?	3
Which one of the following, if true, would most call into question the analysts' explanation of the price increase?	3
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion drawn above?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most weakens the argument?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most seriously weakens Barr's argument?	3
The politician challenges the journalist's argument by doing which of the following?	3
Which one of the following statements, if true, most weakens the scientist's argument?	3
Which of the following, if true, most undermines the defense of the government's plan?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most weakens the argument?	3
Which of the following, if true, most seriously undermines this plan?	3
Each of the following, if true, weakens the argument EXCEPT:	3
Which of the following, if true, casts the most doubt upon the validity of the legislators' conclusion?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most weakens the archaeologist's argument?	3
Which one of the following, if true, would most undermine the theory presented above?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most undermines the argument?	3
Which one of the following, if true, would most seriously undermine the scientist's hypothesis?	3
Which one of the following, if true, casts the most doubt on the claim of the proponents of DNA fingerprinting?	3
Of the following, which one, if true, is the logically strongest counter that Cassie can make to Melvin's argument?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most weakens the argument?	3
Which one of the following, if true, is the strongest counter Rita can make to Thomas' objection?	3
Which one of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument in the newspaper article?	3
Which one of the following, as potential challenges, most seriously calls into question evidence offered in support of the conclusion above?	3
Which of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the argument given?	3
Which one of the following, if true, casts the most doubt on the conclusion drawn above?	3
Which of the following statements, if true, would be the most damaging to the conclusion of the magazine's editor?	3
Which one of the following statements, if true, most weakens the argument?	3
Which of the following , if true, most seriously weakens the argument?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most tends to undermine the argument?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most weakens the argument?	3
Which of the following, if true, most seriously undermines the argument above?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most substantially weakens the argument?	3
Which of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the argument?	3
Which of the following, if true, casts the most serious doubt on the adequacy of the Arundian politicians' justification for the proposed legislation?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the archaeologist's argument?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most seriously calls the conclusion above into question?	3
Which one of the following statements, if true, would be the strongest challenge to the author's conclusion?	3
Which of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the argument?	3
Which one of the following statements, if true, most seriously weakens the argument?	3
Of the following, which one is the strongest logical counter that the linguist can make to the philosopher?	3
Which of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the argument?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most weakens the support offered by the company director for the claim concerning the marketing of vaccines?	3
Which one of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument above?	3
Which one of the following, if true, would cast the most serious doubt on the hypothesis in the passage?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the columnist's argument?	3
Each of the following, if true, would weaken the support for the company president's recommendation EXCEPT:	3
Which of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the argument above?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most weakens the argument?	3
Which of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the arguement?	3
Which of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the argument?	3
Which one of the following statements, if true, most weakens the argument?	3
Which of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the argument?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most weakens the scientist's argument?	3
Which of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the argument?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most weakens the argument?	3
Which of the following, if true , most seriously weakens the argument ?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the argument?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the argument?	3
Which one of the following statements, if true, most seriously weakens the argument?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the argument?	3
Which of the following, if true, would most seriously weaken the force of the objection that Brad presents to Jennifer's explanation?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most weakens the reasoning above?	3
Which of the following, if true, casts most doubt on the viability of the plan by Kosolia's apple growers to sell their apples in Ertland?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the columnist's argument?	3
Which of the following, if true, would cast the most doubt on the effectiveness of the authority's plan to finance the proposed improvements by increasing bridge tolls?	3
Which of the following, if true, would cast the most serious doubt on the explanation for the increase given above?	3
The conclusion drawn above would be most undermined if it were true that	3
Which of the following, if true, casts most doubt whether the managers' plan, if implemented, will achieve its goal?	3
Which of the following, if true, most calls in question the argument that BCC will make a large profit from this contract with Megalimpet?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most undermines the columnist's reasoning?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most undermines Yu's claim?	3
If the advertisement is interpreted as implying that the quality of the car is unusually impressive, which one of the following, if true, most clearly casts doubt on that implication?	3
Which of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the argument above?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most weakens the geologist's argument?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most weakens the argument?	3
Which one of the following, if true, provides the strongest basis for countering Dr. Ruiz' argument that Dr. Smith should not be included on the panel?	3
Which one of the following, if shown to be a realistic possibility, would undermine the argument?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most seriously calls into question the zookeeper's conclusion?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most undermines the conclusion drawn above?	3
Which one of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the administrator's argument?	3
Which of the following, if known, would be most relevant to evaluating the claim above about how new coal-burning plants could save money?	4
Which one of the following would it be most relevant to investigate in evaluating the conclusion of George's argument?	4
Which of the following is necessary to evaluate the argument?	4
The answer to which one of the following questions would be most useful to know in order to evaluate the argument?	4
Assuming the truth of the passage, one can conclude from it that the number of adolescent boys with asthma is approximately equal to the number of adolescent girls with asthma, if one also knows that	4
To evaluate whether the plan described by the executive would be likely to achieve its goal, it would be most useful to know which of the following?	4
Which of the following would be most important to in order to evaluate the argument?	4
Which of the following pieces of information would be most useful in evaluating the mayor's conclusion?	4
In order to evaluate the force of the archaeologists' evidence, it would be most useful to determine which of the following?	4
If all of the philosopher's statements are true, each of the following could be true EXCEPT:	5
If all of the statements above are true, which one of the following must also be true?	5
If the statements above are true, then which one of the following statements must be true?	5
If the statements of both the government health service and PharmCo are true, which one of the following is most likely to also be true?	5
If all of the statements above are true, which one of the following must also be true?	5
If the statements above are true, which one of the following must also be true?	5
Which one of the following follows logically from the information above?	5
Which one of the following statements follows logically from the statements above?	5
Which one of the following can be inferred from the passage?	5
For both of the findings to be accurate, which of the following must be true?	5
The use of this court ruling as part of the law could not be effective in regulating employment practices if which of the following were true?	5
Which one of the following can be properly inferred from the passage?	5
Which one of the following can be properly inferred from the information above?	5
If the statements above are true, which one of the following must be true?	5
If the statements in the passage are true, each of the following could be true EXCEPT:	5
Regarding the past three years, which of the following can properly be inferred from the statement above?	5
If the statements above are true, which of the following must be true?	5
If the statements above are true, then each of the following could be true EXCEPT:	5
Which one of the following can be properly inferred from Elena's statement?	5
If all of the statements in the passage are true, which one of the following must also be true?	5
Which one of the following can be properly inferred from the computer scientist's statements?	5
Which one of the following can be properly inferred from the technician's statements?	5
Which one of the following statements follows logically from the statements above?	5
If the statements above are true, which one of the following must also be true on the basis of them?	5
Which one of the following can be properly inferred from the passage?	5
If the statements above are correct, then what cannot be true?	5
If all of the statements above are true, which one of the following must also be true?	5
If the statements above are true, which of the following must be true on the basis of them?	5
Which one of the following can be logically inferred from the claim above?	5
Which one of the following can be most reasonably inferred from the information above?	5
Which one of the following can be properly inferred from the politician's statements?	5
If the statements above are true, each of the following could also be true EXCEPT:	5
The passage is structured to lead to which one of the following conclusions?	6
The statements above logically commit the politician to which one of the following conclusions?	6
Which of the following conclusions could be most properly drawn from the information given above?	6
Which one of the following most accurately expresses the conclusion drawn in the editorial's argument?	6
Which one of the following most accurately expresses the main conclusion of the argument?	6
Which one of the following most accurately expresses the main conclusion of the argument?	6
Which of the following conclusions can properly be drawn from the information above?	6
Which one of the following most accurately expresses the conclusion drawn in the argument above?	6
Of the following, which one most accurately expresses the main point of the argument?	6
The argument is structured so as to lead to which one of the following conclusions?	6
Which one of the following most accurately states the argument's overall conclusion?	6
The main point of the argument is to	6
Which of the following can be reliably concluded on the basis of the Statements given?	6
The main point of the argument is that	6
Which of the following is the main point of the passage?	6
Which one of the following most accurately represents the author's conclusion?	6
Which one of the following most accurately expresses the conclusion of the industrial engineer's argument as a whole?	6
Which one of the following most accurately expresses the main conclusion of the argument?	6
What is the argument's conclusion?	6
Which one of the following most accurately expresses the main conclusion drawn in the manager's argument?	6
If the statements above are true, which of the following conclusions can be properly drawn from them?	6
Which one of the following most accurately expresses the conclusion of the argument?	6
Which one of the following most accurately expresses the conclusion in the editor's response to David Salino?	6
Which one of the following can be properly concluded from the claims in the advertisement?	6
If the statements above are both true, which one of the following conclusions can be drawn on the basis of them?	6
Which one of the following is most strongly supported by the information above?	7
The information above most strongly supports which of the following?	7
Which one of the following inferences is most strongly supported by the information above?	7
Which one of the following is most strongly supported by the passage?	7
Which one of the following is most reasonably supported by the information above?	7
The statements above provide the most support for which one of the following conclusions?	7
The statements above, if true, best support which of the following assertions?	7
The information above provides the most support for which one of the following propositions?	7
If the information above is true, it provides the most support for which one of the following?	7
The statements above, if true, most strongly support which one of the following, assuming that the widely accepted physical theories referred to above are correct?	7
The passage provides the most support for which one of the following?	7
The statements in the paragraph above, if true, most strongly support which of the following conclusions about people in city Y?	7
The information above most strongly supports which of the following?	7
The lecturer's statements, if true, most strongly support which one of the following statements?	7
If the information is correct, which of the following conclusions is most strongly supported on the basis of it?	7
If the statements above are true, they provide the most support for which of the following statements?	7
The statements above most strongly support the conclusion that comparative advertisements	7
The information above most strongly supports which one of the following?	7
The commentator's statements, if true, most strongly support which one of the following?	7
If the statements above are true, they most strongly support which of the following?	7
Which one of the following statements is most supported by the information above?	7
The information above provides the most support for which of the following hypotheses?	7
The consultant's statements, if true, most strongly support which one of the following?	7
Which one of the following is most strongly supported by the editorialist's statements?	7
Which one of the following is most strongly supported by the information above?	7
The statements above, if true, most strongly support which one of the following?	7
Which one of the following is most strongly supported by the information above?	7
If the shareholder's statements are true, which one of the following is most strongly supported by them?	7
Which one of the following is most strongly supported by the information above?	7
Which one of the following is most strongly supported by the information above?	7
Which one of the following is most strongly supported by the information above?	7
The information above most strongly supports which one of the following?	7
Which one of the following is most strongly supported by the statements above, if those statements are true?	7
Which one of the following is most strongly supported by the nutritionist's statements?	7
The researcher's statements, if true, most strongly support which one of the following?	7
Which one of the following is most strongly supported by the information above?	7
Which one of the following is most strongly supported by the information above?	7
Which one of the following is most strongly supported by the information above?	7
Which one of the following is most strongly supported by the information above?	7
All of the following explains the discrepancy EXCEPT:	8
Which one of the following, if true, would most help to explain the decreasing engagement in international trade by the economist's country?	8
Which one of the following, if true, would most help to resolve the apparent discrepancy in the information above?	8
Each one of the following statements, if true over the last two decades, helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy above EXCEPT:	8
Which one of the following, if true, most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy described above?	8
Which one of the following, if true, most helps to explain why the people mentioned continued to grow corn as their staple grain crop?	8
Each of the following would, by itself, help to resolve the apparent paradox described in the passage EXCEPT:	8
Which of the following, if true, would best help explain how the sweetener might produce the observed effect?	8
The customer's response can best be explained on the assumption that she has misinterpreted the shipping coordinator to mean which one of the following?	8
Which one of the following, if true, most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy described above?	8
Which of the following, if true, would contribute most to an explanation of the apparent discrepancy above?	8
Which one of the following, if true, would most help to explain the apparent discrepancy described above?	8
Which of the following, if true, does most to help explain the oceanologist's doubt that the brevotoxins were the primary cause of the dolphins washing upon shore?	8
Which one of the following, if true, most helps to explain why the Mississippi kite population does not follow the usual pattern?	8
Which one of the following, if true, contributes to an explanation of the increase in sales at restaurants in the district?	8
Which of the following, if true, most helps to explain the disproportionate increase in customer complaints?	8
Which one of the following if true, most helps explain why the Norse settlements in Greenland disappeared while the Inuit settlements survived?	8
Which of the following, if true, most helps to explain the insignificant decline in nitrogen dioxide emissions in Donia's capital city?	8
Which one of the following, if true, would most effectively resolve the apparent paradox above?	8
In light of the further information, which of the following, if true, does most to explain the result that followed the implementation of the plan?	8
Which one of the following would, if true, most contribute to an explanation of the phenomenon described above?	8
Which of the following, if true, most helps to explain the contrasting incidence of pellagra described above?	8
Which one of the following, if true about one-round sealed-bid auctions, most helps to explain why the generalization characterized above as paradoxical holds?	8
Which one of the following, if true, most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy?	8
Which of the following, if true, most helps to explain the veterinarian's reaction to the manufacturer's promotional scheme?	8
Which one of the following, if true, most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy in the information above?	8
Which of the following, if true, most helps to reconcile the two findings?	8
Any of the following statements, if true about last year, helps to explain the rise in profits EXCEPT:	8
Each of the following, if true, contributes to an explanation of the difference in health between these two groups EXCEPT:	8
Which of the following, if true, would most contribute to an explanation of the economists' projections?	8
Which of the following, if true, does most to explain the difference that the study?	8
Which one of the following, if true, most appropriately completes the explanation?	8
Which of the following, if true, most helps explain why there is no need for lizards to guard their tunnels for more than a few days?	8
Which of the following, if true, could best account for the decrease in arctic fox relative to the red fox?	8
Which of the following, if true, most helps to explain the difference in the rate of wear?	8
Which one of the following, if true, most helps to account for the apparent discrepancy in the students' preferences?	8
Which one of the following, if true, most helps to explain the researcher's findings?	8
Which one of the following, if true, helps most to resolve the apparent paradox described above?	8
Which one of the following, if true, most helps to reconcile the medical specialists' two claims?	8
Which one of the following, if true, best helps to explain why removing one parent resulted in larger, heavier larvae?	8
Which one of the following, if true, best reconciles the apparently discrepant facts described above?	8
The explanation offered above would be more persuasive if which one of the following were true?	8
Which one of the following, if true, most helps to explain burying beetles' apparently contradictory behavior?	8
Each of the following, if true, helps to resolve the survey's apparently paradoxical results EXCEPT:	8
Each of the following, if true, helps resolve the apparent discrepancy above EXCEPT:	8
Which one of the following, if true, most helps to resolve the apparent paradox in the consultant's statements?	8
Each one of the following, if true, helps to explain the apparent discrepancy EXCEPT:	8
Which of the following, if true, most helps to explain exception noted above?	8
Which one of the following most helps to explain the success of the treatments with antibiotics?	8
Which of the following, if true, best reconciles the apparent discrepancy described above?	8
Which one of the following, if true, most contributes to an explanation of why the first alternative mentioned is almost never adopted?	8
Which of the following, if true, most helps to explain the change between the first and the second year of the recession in the proportion of credit not paid off on time?	8
Which one of the following, if true, most helps to explain the situation described above?	8
Which one of the following points out why the trustees' plan might not be effective in achieving its goal?	8
Which one of the following, if true, most helps to explain the employees' mixed reactions?	8
Which one of the following, if true, most helps to explain the difference between the goals of movie executives and those of television executives?	8
Which of the following, if true, most helps to explain why the city's population growth rate has not changed?	8
Which one of the following, if true, most helps to explain the relative amounts of plaque buildup found in the three groups?	8
Which one of the following propositions does the psychologist's reasoning most closely conform to?	9
Of the rulings described below, which one conforms most closely to the principles stated above?	9
Which one of the following judgments most closely conforms to the principles stated above?	9
The principle stated above most helps to justify the reasoning in which one of the following arguments?	9
Which one of the following principles would, if valid, most help to justify the reasoning above?	9
The statements above best illustrate which one of the following generalizations?	9
The conclusion of the judge's argument is most strongly supported if which one of the following principles is assumed to hold?	9
Which one of the following most accurately expresses a principle of reasoning employed by the argument?	9
Which one of the following principles most helps to justify both parties' statements?	9
Which one of the following, if true, helps most to justify the conclusion drawn above?	9
Which of the following, if true, most helps to justify the observers' expectation?	9
Which one of the following principles, if valid, most helps to justify the activist's argument in the face of President Zagel's argument?	9
The situation described above most closely conforms to which one of the following principles?	9
This principle, if accepted, would justify which one of the following judgments?	9
Which one of the following is best illustrated by the examples presented above?	9
Which one of the following principles, if valid, most helps to justify the counselor's reasoning?	9
Which one of the following best illustrates an application of the cited principle of good government?	9
In which one of the following situations does Mary act in accordance with the principle above?	9
Which one of the following principles, if valid, most helps to justify the argument's reasoning?	9
The chairperson's reasoning most closely conforms to which one of the following principles?	9
Which of the following, if true, provides the strongest justification for the experts' prediction?	9
The advertiser's reasoning most closely conforms to which one of the following principles?	9
Which one of the following judgments conforms most closely to the principle stated above?	9
Which one of the following principles, if valid, would most help to justify the literary critic's argument?	9
Which one of the following most closely conforms to the principle of morality cited by the ethicist?	9
Which one of the following judgments most closely conforms to the principle stated above?	9
Which one of the following propositions is best illustrated by the passage?	9
Which one of the following principles would, if valid, most help to justify the educator's reasoning?	9
Which one of the following conforms most closely to the principle illustrated above?	9
Which one of the following principles, if valid, most helps to justify the reasoning above?	9
Which one of the following principles, if valid, most helps to justify the journalist's reasoning?	9
Which one of the following principles, if valid, most helps to justify the argument above?	9
Which one of the following principles, if valid, most helps to justify the reasoning above?	9
Which one of the following principles, if valid, most helps to justify the reasoning in the art critic's argument?	9
Which one of the following principles, if valid, most helps to justify the reasoning above?	9
The argument in the editorial most closely conforms to which one of the following principles?	9
Which one of the following principles, if valid, most helps to justify the reasoning of the residents opposed to building the house?	9
Which one of the following principles, if valid, would most help to justify the advocate's reasoning?	9
To which one of the following propositions does the psychologist's reasoning most closely conform?	9
Which one of the following most closely conforms to the principle the ethicist endorses?	9
This argument most closely conforms to which one of the following principles?	9
Each of the following principles is logically consistent with the columnist's conclusion EXCEPT:	9
The principles above, if valid, most help to justify the reasoning in which one of the following?	9
Which one of the following, if established, could most logically serve as the principle appealed to in the argument countering the critics' claim?	9
Which one of the following is a principle that, if established, would provide the strongest justification for the article's conclusion?	9
